README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi, I am Adrian 👋</h1>
<h5 align="center"> A passionate fullstack developer from Rzeszów.
Throughout the past years, I've been self-learning many advanced software engineering concepts. 
I feel most comfortable working with modern Java and related technologies. 
My main fields of interest are now development of distributed systems.</h3>

- 👀 I’m interested in microservices.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Spring Cloud.
- 📫 You can contact me via email: adrian43graf@gmail.com, or <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/adrian-russu-2ba2261a0/" target="_blank"> My Linkedin Profile </a>


<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> 

<a href="https://spring.io/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/springio/springio-icon.svg" alt="spring" width="40" height="40"/> </a>
<a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
</p>

</p>
<p align="left"> 
<a href="https://www.rabbitmq.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/rabbitmq/rabbitmq-icon.svg" alt="rabbitMQ" width="40" height="40"/> </a>
<a href="https://kafka.apache.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/apache_kafka/apache_kafka-icon.svg" alt="kafka" width="40" height="40"/> </a>
</p>

<p align="left"> 
<a href="https://angular.io" target="_blank"> <img src="https://angular.io/assets/images/logos/angular/angular.svg" alt="angular" width="40" height="40"/> </a>
 <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
</p>

<p align="left"> 
<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://www.postgresql.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="postgresql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a>
</p>

<p align="left"> 
<a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://postman.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" alt="postman" width="40" height="40"/> </a>
<a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://www.jenkins.io" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/jenkins/jenkins-icon.svg" alt="jenkins" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/gnu_bash/gnu_bash-icon.svg" alt="bash" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://kubernetes.io/" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/kubernetes/kubernetes-icon.svg" alt="kubernetes" width="40" height="40"/></a>


<!---
Greedion/Greedion is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

Revise learning section in README
Updated learning focus to microservice architecture and cloud deployment.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi, I am Adrian 👋</h1>
<h5 align="center"> A passionate fullstack developer from Rzeszów.
Throughout the past years, I've been self-learning many advanced software engineering concepts. 
I feel most comfortable working with modern Java and related technologies. 
My main fields of interest are now development of distributed systems.</h3>

- 👀 I’m interested in microservices.
- 🌱 Currently, I’m deepening my experience in microservice architecture and cloud deployment.
- 📫 You can contact me via email: adrian43graf@gmail.com, or <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/adrian-russu-2ba2261a0/" target="_blank"> My Linkedin Profile </a>


<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> 

<a href="https://spring.io/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/springio/springio-icon.svg" alt="spring" width="40" height="40"/> </a>
<a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
</p>

</p>
<p align="left"> 
<a href="https://www.rabbitmq.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/rabbitmq/rabbitmq-icon.svg" alt="rabbitMQ" width="40" height="40"/> </a>
<a href="https://kafka.apache.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/apache_kafka/apache_kafka-icon.svg" alt="kafka" width="40" height="40"/> </a>
</p>

<p align="left"> 
<a href="https://angular.io" target="_blank"> <img src="https://angular.io/assets/images/logos/angular/angular.svg" alt="angular" width="40" height="40"/> </a>
 <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
</p>

<p align="left"> 
<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://www.postgresql.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="postgresql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a>
</p>

<p align="left"> 
<a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://postman.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" alt="postman" width="40" height="40"/> </a>
<a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://www.jenkins.io" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/jenkins/jenkins-icon.svg" alt="jenkins" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/gnu_bash/gnu_bash-icon.svg" alt="bash" width="40" height="40"/> </a> 
<a href="https://kubernetes.io/" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/kubernetes/kubernetes-icon.svg" alt="kubernetes" width="40" height="40"/></a>


<!---
Greedion/Greedion is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
